Peter (00:02):
God. I mean, it's really hard to say, but I think that was when I turned myself into the hospital initially. But then again I had it later.

Ben (00:12):
So

Peter (00:12):
Did I bring it with me on my journey? I don't really

Ben (00:15):
Know. Here I'll position this must have, I'll position this where it felt, where it cut out on the late end. I have a recording of you telling the story from when you go barreling down the hall and you deck the guy who's 250 pounds and then you encounter the guy with a taser who's like, I got a taser. And you go, alright, you got me. And you walked back in.

Peter (00:40):
That's after I went to the high school.

Ben (00:43):
And then from the front end coming up from earlier, I have you escaping in your undies, walking down the street, feeling like a lower dimensional being and everybody looking at you being like, that's fine. I mean it's weird, but he's like a stray dog, so it's fine. And then that's the last that I had there. So what happened after Stray Dog up to decking? The 250 pound

Peter (01:09):
Guy? Yeah. When I was in dog mode, that's when I was on my way to the high school. I mean, I didn't know I was on my way there, but my dog walked my way up to Ballard High and I seen the teachers striking up there.

Ben (01:23):
Right, right, right. Are they picketing at a line?

Peter (01:28):
There was a mob of them. I mean maybe they were in some kind of line. They had pickets, they had signs. They were shaking 'em at the cars saying they wanted more money.

Ben (01:43):
And then you approached them.

Peter (01:48):
Yeah, well they were all wearing red, so I approached them because they seemed really well organized. They seem like a team,

Ben (01:54):
Right? Not Team Gray.

Peter (01:57):
Yeah, exactly. Team Red. I was like, team Gray is definitely badge. So Team Red at least stands for something that's not bad.

Ben (02:06):
Not robots and computer simulations and fixing broken parts. Exactly. So you approached them, are you just like, Hey, how's it going? How do you break?

Peter (02:15):
I literally went over there and was like, Hey, I want to join Team Red, you guys, can you take me in? Because in my head it was clean, it was plain as day that everybody was forming teams. So it would make plenty of sense for me as a shirtless person to say, since everybody knows everybody's forming teams right now, clearly I'm unaffiliated. This is not a weird request for me to ask for affiliation. That's what I did.

Ben (02:49):
The factions they're going to go to war are just a playground, kickball lineup, picking teams

Peter (02:56):
Pretty much, I don't even know what you stand. You stand for red. Fine.

Ben (03:03):
And then they responded with, here's clothes.

Peter (03:07):
Yeah, they were like compassionate, concerned teachers and they were like, you need clothes. I was like, sure, that sounds great. They brought me clothes and shoes from the lock and found or whatever. And so I got that. And then obviously they would've called the police as well and they just kind of kept me docile until the police showed up

Ben (03:35):
A straight dog.

Peter (03:37):
Exactly. And then, yeah, even come to think of it, the way the police talked to me was sort of like they were trying to coach a dog as well with softness and come on, okay, come with us.

Ben (03:52):
Hop in the back of the car.

Peter (03:55):
It's fine. Yeah.

Ben (03:58):
So then you hop in the back of the car.

Peter (04:00):
I hop in the back of the car and they take me to the hospital and they take me to a higher security part of the hospital. Some room that you can't get out of

Ben (04:08):
With tasers and 250 pound guards,

Peter (04:12):
Back guard, big

Ben (04:13):
Man, level two, level three.

Peter (04:16):
I remember though, because I distinctly remember the look of fear in his eyes. That's how I knew I had him because I was so animalistic.

Ben (04:27):
But before that, so they put you in this room that's a higher security room and there's a water bottle.

Peter (04:35):
Yeah, I think I might've retained this water bottle the whole time because I had previously determined that it was my remaining soul. So I think I might've kept that this whole time. That sounds right to me. So I had that.

Ben (04:54):
Now you're in gym clothes or whatever, teacher cast off clothes in your bathroom hospital. Yeah, I had a room with

Peter (05:01):
The stretcher

Ben (05:03):
Room with the stretcher.

Peter (05:04):
I went ballistic, bro. I fucking, I went literally just, I went crazy. I was like, I went crazy. I went ape on that shit. I was like fucking flip the stretcher across the room was banging on all the walls and shit. I exhausted myself. And then that's when I was like, nothing's working. I prayed. I offered my soul up to God if you let me live all this shit. And then

Ben (05:41):
Somebody brings you apple juice. Yeah, maybe they do. Maybe that was the earlier one. There was one where, I can't remember which notes it's from, but somebody opens the door and you're like, I definitely

Peter (05:52):
Remember Apple. I think that was the first time I was in before IPR out. I was straight up apple juice. I was like, oh, I get it. Teachers are associated with apples and they're trying to restart my programming with the apple juice.

Ben (06:12):
The second time when you slip out and you put the two 50 in his butt, how'd you get out of that room?

Peter (06:19):
I don't know. I actually don't know how I got out of that room. I think maybe since I went in to talk to me or whatever and I was like, hell no. Or alternatively, maybe it was like as they were ushering me into the room, that's possible too. But I really don't know how I got out of that room because I was locked in there tight. So I'm pretty sure that logically that had to have been at the moment when I realized I was going to be in a locked room. I flipped around and was like, I'm not going to be in a locked room. Yeah,

Ben (07:01):
We've got the part about euthanasia is dark. Hearing your grandparents and your aunts and your uncles in the room next door. We got to put'em, put 'em down. We had options. Yeah,

Peter (07:12):
I heard crying and kind of quiet talking like this is what we have to do. And none of that was real. I just heard it. I know.

Ben (07:35):
And then a man says, man appears at the window. Let's see. Okay, so taser man says, I got you. And you go, okay, you got me. And then emotionally and emotion. Sorry. Immediately and emotionless. Alright, you got me head back in docile as can be. And then you're waiting in there and you're casting about a man appears at the window and you're like, great, an object I can interact with. And you said, tell me exactly what I need to do. And he says, I need you to lay in that bed. And then you said, for how long? And then he said, five minutes. And then you said, how long is five minutes? I don't have a clock in here. How long is five minutes? And he goes, I don't know, it's just five minutes.

Peter (08:19):
Yeah, I had no perception of time. I realize the question, how long is five minutes is fucking ridiculous.

Ben (08:25):
That's great.

Peter (08:27):
It didn't seem to me at the time.

Ben (08:31):
And then what at that, what? Oh, and then they trak you take you to the hospital where they put you in a room with that door

(08:44):
And put you on brain flattening drugs until you get released. Okay. And then I have the rest from there.

Peter (08:50):
Yeah, that's all filled in. Yeah. Good. Sort that out.

Ben (08:56):
That one sorted. There's so many good lines. I'm excited to send this one to you. This one's only lightly massaged to make the story writeable publishable. And that's a lot of work too. Yeah. Excited to have you read it. It's going to be like,

Peter (09:11):
Where are you at in terms of progress

Ben (09:14):
Percentage? 80%. Okay. It's going to be like damn near verbatim your words, but let me know when you read it. If there's some parts where you're like, I wouldn't have put it that way, but mostly I'm just trying to shift tense and have it be legible.

Peter (09:28):
Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. I think damn well how it sound like me so impressed with that.

Ben (09:35):
There's a couple parts also where I fill in narratively and then you go, yeah, basically. And then you continue. And I'm like, fuck. Well I need that narrative link. And so I have to use my words that you've signed off on or something close enough and just to carry on.

Peter (09:48):
All right. Sounds kind of interesting. Blendy, blendy,

Ben (09:52):
Blendy.

(09:54):
Alright,

(09:55):
That's all I needed. Thank you very much.

Peter (09:58):
Yeah, no problem.

Ben (10:00):
All right on. I'll send you a link to it tonight. It should be up.

Peter (10:03):
Okay.

Ben (10:04):
Yeah, yeah. Enjoy your weekend.

Peter (10:09):
Thanks.

Ben (10:10):
Crisp cream 1975.

Peter (10:14):
Yeah, I did end up looking that up. I think it was a dollar for a dozen, $3 per a dozen

Ben (10:24):
Stars. That's a good deal.

Peter (10:26):
Well, it's fucking donuts. Honestly, I feel like purchasing donuts is not a good deal, but that's just me.

Ben (10:37):
Well, it's fucking donuts. I hope you get to say that. The customers, sometimes I

Peter (10:44):
Don't. Oh, you know what though? I have a little story about the time I had it work. Very little story. So my manager, he is one of 'em, he's a funny guy. He was in drama for a while, like 18 years or whatever, doing plays and shit. So he is always got kind of a goofy ass delivery. And Optum is saying things that are funny to us. We all have headsets on, but the customers just had a drive through fucking speaker box. So they're like, I'm not prepared for anything to be funny. And we give out free donuts, three free donuts for your birthday. So that happens pretty often. Somebody comes in and is like, I want to get my birthday donuts. And so this guy's like, Hey, I want to get my birthday donuts. And Scott comes over the headset and he is like, okay, and is this the first time this has happened or have you had a birthday before? And that was, or no, he said, is this your first birthday or is nobody being ready for that? Alright, is this your first birthday or is this sat before fucking fantastic. I laughed so hard. And then I later had to make sure I had the words right with them because I knew I was going to tell you about it. I still botched it slightly.

Ben (12:11):
It was good both ways.

Peter (12:14):
And then I have another birthday donut story. So this guy come in, looks like a street person, a black guy, dirty clothes, pretty stinky. And he's sitting in the corner just chilling for a while. We sometimes get bathroom drug users and he sitting over there and I go over there not to accost him, just like, what's going on over here? And he's got his phone plugged up. I'm like, okay, do you need some juice? I'm like, you want some water or something? He's like, sure. So I brought my ice water, I was like hang out for a little while. And then when he was getting ready to leave, he came up to me and he was like, Hey, how do I apply to work here? So I gave him the information on that. A couple of days later he comes back in and his clothes are not as dirty and he is not as smelly and he looks like a little bit more put together.

(13:04):
And he informs me that he did the application like, oh that's cool. Right on man. And he said also, I want to get some birthday donuts. And obviously it's not his fucking birthday, but he found out probably on the website about the birthday donuts or whatever. And he made the app, he got the app and he made the account or whatever. So I'm ringing him up for this and when I scan the little barcode on his phone, it brings up his information, which he probably filled it out not thinking that anyone would see it. And his name comes up, gay qq piss. It pops up on the screen as I'm ringing him up and he's standing there and I just bust up laughing and he looks at me and he realizes what's going on and he's looking to the side like, ah fuck, this is embarrassing. So that's that. I'm doing good.

Ben (14:02):
Oh, those are good parts.

Peter (14:07):
Alright man, I got to get the bus.

Ben (14:09):
Cool, I'll talk to you later. Love you.

Peter (14:11):
Alright, bye.

